We are looking forward to giving you this congress free.
You bring the title of wisdom,
and bring it to you.
Annual conventions are a spiritual highlight
for Jehovah's Witnesses around the globe.
They follow the Bible precedent set in ancient Israel.
Arrangements for conventions begin with the Convention Department.
It sounds so important that our conventions...
careful thought is given to convention, location, and size.
Arrangements are made for these large gatherings
in all parts of the earth.
At times, delegates from other countries join local witnesses
for a truly international gathering
that demonstrates the worldwide unity
found in viable-based beliefs and morality.